hi everyone welcome to my kitchen I'm
Juliet and today I'm going to show you
how to bake some really easy three
ingredient cookies yes you heard me
right
all it is these three ingredients
they're gluten free no flour needed
they're super easy and more importantly
really delicious so this is a great
thing to bake while rolling lockdown you
don't need a lot so I'll show you how
simple they are to make
so I have 175 grams of golden caster
sugar I don't have golden caster sugar
you can use any sugar you use brown
sugar or just regular castor sugar and I
have 200 grams of peanut butter you can
use crunchy or smooth or you can use any
type of nut butter I'm just gonna plop
that into my sugar these are great best
peeps you don't need any especially in
quick mode you don't even need a rolling
pin for these so you can add salt to
this if you if you like I've actually
used some salty it's peanut butter so
I'm not going to the third thing you do
is just bash it all together I'm just
mixing it together with my wooden spoon
until it all becomes one type of dairy
mixture now add an egg into your bowl
you'll see that suddenly it will come
together to one lovely done there we go
that's all come together gorgeous peanut
buttery mix so now it's time to roll
them into balls and get another Bay
today if you kind of need a piece about
this big of the big soft cherry tomato
piece so I'm just gonna get these out
and just roughly make sure I have equal
size pieces
[Music]
so for my last one so a little tray and
now what you need to do is just grab a
walk notebook I'm just going to push
them down just do a little kind of crisp
cross like this
they go my first batch of a pop that
over here and do my second tray
[Applause]
[Music]
we cows let's sixteen dee-licious peanut
butter cookies now you can actually
create some when they're in this form so
you can just wrap them you know see a
paper in between each one pop them in
the freezer
keep them there I'm gonna be your fancy
little smack you can actually bake them
straight from frozen just do it the same
temperature for two or three more
minutes so these need to bake on 160
degrees span 180 normal oven for about
12 minutes and then leave them to cool
on the train for about 10 minutes and
then they'll be ready to eat so I'm just
going to pop these in the oven and then
be back to show you my lovely baked
goods so there you have it look at these
beauties three ingredient peanut butter
cookies I'm gonna pop these in John it
will last for a few days I think it's
only right but I give them a little
taste
mmm they are super delicious I can't
believe they haven't got any flour in
the recipe you really must try them and
if you do I would love to see pictures
that we can share your pictures so use
the hashtag stay home get cooking and
shows what you're making thanks for
watching bye